http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Autism|1735|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Rett syndrome|1800|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Autism|2229|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|amygdala|15397|Brain
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|hippocampus|15410|Brain
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Tourette syndrome|25977|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|mental retardation|26566|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Specific phobia|27108|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Bipolar disorder|28635|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Stephen Hawking|63744|Scientist
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Christy Brown|63932|Writer
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|sign languages|64968|Language
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Plains Indian Sign Language|65325|Language
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|aphasia|65482|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|dysarthria|65494|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|American Sign Language|66054|Language
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Word prediction|78737|MusicGenre
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Cerebral palsy|88747|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|neuromotor disorder|88835|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Dysarthria|89171|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|University of Toronto|94707|University
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|longitudinal study|95115|MusicGenre
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Traumatic brain injury|96434|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|brainstem|98528|Brain
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis|100416|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|dysarthria|102707|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|multiple sclerosis|103880|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Blissymbols|108779|Language
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Ewe|111805|Language
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Neurological disorder|161540|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|blindness|161915|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|deafness|161928|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|aphasia|172674|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Latin|190405|Language
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Charles Bell|191474|Scientist
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|inner ear|193196|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|zebrafish|196469|Fish
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|David Bohm|196854|Scientist
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|neurological disorders|198501|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Oliver Sacks|199342|Scientist
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|inner ear|199672|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|starvation|201432|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|epilepsy|202230|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|migraine|202242|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|phantom limb syndrome|203129|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|phantom limb|203399|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|tinnitus|204422|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|sensory system|211603|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|cochlea|211713|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|inner ear|211852|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|sagittal plane|214066|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|frontal plane|214111|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|extraocular muscles|215862|Muscle
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|retina|216134|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Labyrinthitis|222039|Disease
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Walter Boron|223893|Scientist
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|utricle|219621|AnatomicalStructure
http://adifferentworldautism.edublogs.org/wiki/|Android|114980|Software
