http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|West Yorkshire|8121|AdministrativeRegion
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|City of Bradford|8402|City
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|West Yorkshire|8442|AdministrativeRegion
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Northern England|9140|Settlement
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Wakefield|9305|Settlement
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|West Yorkshire Urban Area|9689|Settlement
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|National Media Museum|10873|Museum
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Bradford Cathedral|13200|HistoricBuilding
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Norman Conquest|13294|MilitaryConflict
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Civil War|13794|MilitaryConflict
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|David Ward|18223|PoliticalFigure
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Labour|18493|PoliticalParty
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Liberal Democrat|18525|PoliticalParty
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|European Parliament election|18617|Election
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Bradford Cathedral|19780|HistoricBuilding
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|River Aire|19865|River
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Ordnance Survey|20644|GovernmentAgency
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|railway station|20789|Station
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Thornton|22021|Settlement
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Thornbury|22210|Settlement
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Halifax|22655|Settlement
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|White|25693|EthnicGroup
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Black|25750|EthnicGroup
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Muslim|26505|MilitaryConflict
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|National Media Museum|28369|Museum
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Billy Liar|28683|Book
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Yanks|28792|Film
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Monty Python|28955|ComedyGroup
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Rita, Sue and Bob Too|29045|Film
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Simon Beaufoy|29326|Person
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Yorkshire Building Society|30213|Company
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Pace Micro|30283|Company
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Thomas Cook|31287|Person
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|cathedral|31506|HistoricBuilding
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|National Media Museum|33472|Museum
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Alhambra|34379|Building
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Leeds|35690|City
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Leeds|35824|City
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|M62|36098|Road
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Shipley|36467|Settlement
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Leeds|37321|City
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Adolphus Street|37777|Station
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Forster Square|38356|Station
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Trolleybus Museum|40324|Museum
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Lincolnshire|40368|AdministrativeRegion
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|First Bradford|40483|Company
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Arriva|40510|Company
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Leeds Bradford International Airport|40640|Airport
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Jet2.com|40889|Airline
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|University of Bradford|21992|University
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|University of Bradford|42993|University
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|New Model Army|46337|Band
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Smokie|46376|Band
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|The Cult|46411|Band
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Terrorvision|46462|Band
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Ilkley Moor|48287|Mountain
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Haworth|48323|Settlement
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Pennine Radio|48496|RadioStation
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|The Pulse of West Yorkshire|48551|RadioStation
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|AAP TV|48895|BroadcastNetwork
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|National Media Museum|49339|Museum
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|medieval|50317|MusicGenre
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|rugby league|51106|Sport
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Valley Parade|52011|Stadium
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|League football|52048|SoccerLeague
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Bradford City|52131|SoccerClub
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Doncaster Rovers|52554|SoccerClub
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Bradford Park Avenue|53185|SoccerClub
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Northern Premier League|53337|SoccerLeague
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Bradford Dukes|53557|SpeedwayTeam
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Al Mahdi Mosque|54754|ReligiousBuilding
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Diocese of Bradford|55025|ClericalAdministrativeRegion
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Sikh|56574|EthnicGroup
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Vaisakhi|56701|Holiday
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Paulinus of York|58510|Religious
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|culture|59370|MusicGenre
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|alternative rock|63060|MusicGenre
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|indie rock|63083|MusicGenre
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Bingley Music Live|63568|MusicFestival
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Happy Mondays|63704|Band
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|The Zutons|63807|Band
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Professor Green|63938|MusicalArtist
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|northern England|65463|Settlement
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Sir Edward Appleton|66200|Scientist
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Anne|66354|Writer
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Emily|66365|Writer
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Charlotte|66382|Writer
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|William Henry Drew|66774|OfficeHolder
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Peter Firth|67013|Person
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Barbara Jane Harrison|67155|Person
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Brian Noble|67784|RugbyPlayer
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Edward Petherbridge|68085|Person
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Anthony Price|68346|Writer
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Roxy Music|68415|Band
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|David Bowie|68454|MusicalArtist
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Tony Richardson|68807|Person
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Justin Sullivan|69023|MusicalArtist
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Mike Turner|69276|MusicalArtist
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Kimberley Walsh|69413|MusicalArtist
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Timothy West|69668|Person
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|The Amazing Mrs Pritchard|70222|TelevisionShow
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|George Costigan|70591|Person
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Spooks|71037|TelevisionShow
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|Spooks: Code 9|71081|TelevisionShow
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|St George's Hall|45480|Building
http://www.bradfordlabourers.co.uk/local/about-bradford|St George's Hall|34063|Building
