http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Serbian revolution|3628|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Ottoman Empire|3694|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Belgrade|4650|City
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Romania|5316|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Republic of Macedonia|5354|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Croatia|5394|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Montenegro|5433|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Belgrade|5534|City
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Vojvodina|6195|Settlement
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|United Nations|6796|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Council of Europe|6813|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|World Bank|6926|Organisation
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Alexander the Great|10138|Noble
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Singidunum|10366|Building
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Sirmium|10606|Building
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Roman Empire|10811|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Dalmatia|11236|Settlement
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Dacia|11247|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Macedonia|11257|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Byzantine|11921|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Byzantine Empire|13215|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bishopric of Bar|14149|Settlement
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Ottoman Empire|15271|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Smederevo|15455|City
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Belgrade|15518|City
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bosnia|5404|Settlement
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Republic of Venice|15670|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Kingdom of Hungary|16139|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Jovan Nenad|16225|Noble
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Leopold I|17033|Noble
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|French troops|17583|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|French|17803|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Second Serbian Uprising|18528|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Leopold von Ranke|18706|Scientist
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Serbia|19075|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Principality of Serbia|19441|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|1848 revolutions|19538|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bosnia|20268|Settlement
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78|20407|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bosnia|20268|Settlement
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Kingdom|20794|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Balkan Wars|21074|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|1848 revolution in Austria|21261|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Serbian Vojvodina|21351|AdministrativeRegion
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|First Balkan War|22133|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Gavrilo Princip|23241|Person
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Battle of Cer|23880|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Battle of Kolubara|23898|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Central Powers|23968|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|German Empire|24086|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Kingdom of Serbia|25342|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Vojvodina|25440|Settlement
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Kingdom of Montenegro|25587|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs|25832|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Kingdom of Serbia|25876|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Alexander I of Yugoslavia|26266|Noble
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Nazi Germany|26551|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Axis|27816|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Autonomous Province of Vojvodina|27979|Settlement
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Belgrade Offensive|29726|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Kingdom|30147|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|League of Communists of Serbia|30849|PoliticalParty
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|League of Communists of Serbia|33969|PoliticalParty
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bosnia and Herzegovina|34298|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|United Nations|36205|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bosnian War|36499|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Kosovo War|37140|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|NATO|39830|Organisation
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Jacques Barrot|40125|OfficeHolder
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Danube|41102|River
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Sava|41202|River
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Tisza|41211|River
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Great Morava|41738|River
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Danube|48126|River
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Sava|48205|River
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Tisza|48221|River
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Timok|48233|River
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Danube|48813|River
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Democratic Party|49987|PoliticalParty
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|presidential election|50092|Election
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Socialist Party|50391|PoliticalParty
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|assembly|50956|Legislature
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Kragujevac|51757|City
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Kosovo and Metohija|52292|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Kosovo Serbs|55006|EthnicGroup
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bosniaks|55319|EthnicGroup
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Croats|55349|EthnicGroup
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bulgarians|55358|EthnicGroup
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Montenegrins|55371|EthnicGroup
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Romanians|55407|EthnicGroup
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Roma|55472|EthnicGroup
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Novi Sad|58330|City
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Belgrade|59452|City
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Novi Sad|58330|City
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Belgrade|63794|City
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Cathedral of Saint Sava|59780|ReligiousBuilding
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bulgarians|60229|EthnicGroup
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bunjevci|60453|EthnicGroup
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|World Bank|62019|Organisation
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Belarus|63062|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Fiat|63380|Company
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Siemens|63409|Company
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Carlsberg|63419|Company
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Piraeus Bank|63700|Company
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Belgrade|63794|City
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Mercator|63962|Company
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Telekom Srbija|64357|Company
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Telenor|64403|Company
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Vip mobile|64438|Company
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Jat Airways|65205|Airline
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Morava|65513|River
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Serbian Railways|65974|RouteOfTransportation
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|E70|66058|Road
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|E75|66064|Road
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|E80|66072|Road
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|E70 westwards|66162|Road
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|most of the E75|66194|Road
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Zlatibor|67754|Mountain
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Naftna Industrija Srbije|68922|Company
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Western|69864|Country
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Venice|70069|Settlement
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|coastal Serbs|70682|EthnicGroup
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Studenica|71445|HistoricPlace
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Nikola Tesla|71952|Scientist
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|National Museum|72035|Museum
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|NASA|77960|GovernmentAgency
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|University of Belgrade|78100|University
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Alexander Fleming|78208|Scientist
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Albert Einstein|78739|Scientist
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Momo Kapor|80890|Writer
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Yugoslav wars|83656|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|independent music|83877|MusicGenre
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bajaga i Instruktori|84006|Band
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Ekatarina Velika|84051|Band
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Galija|84092|Band
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Idoli|84101|Band
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Partibrejkers|84140|Band
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Rambo Amadeus|84174|MusicalArtist
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Smak|84206|Band
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|pop music|84299|MusicGenre
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Molitva|84927|Song
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Lepa Brena|85475|MusicalArtist
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Vesna Zmijanac|85488|MusicalArtist
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|rock|85670|MusicGenre
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Rambo Amadeus|85684|MusicalArtist
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|pop|85873|MusicGenre
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Aca Lukas|86110|MusicalArtist
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|First Serbian Uprising|86376|MilitaryConflict
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Emir Kusturica|88770|Person
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Cannes Film Festival|89999|FilmFestival
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Black Cat, White Cat|90096|Film
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|University of Belgrade|91577|University
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Titel|92278|Town
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|pljeskavica|94731|Food
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|football|96413|Sport
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|handball|96450|Sport
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Red Star Belgrade|96751|SoccerClub
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|UEFA|96884|Organisation
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Bari|96935|Settlement
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|FK Partizan|97822|SoccerClub
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Red Star Belgrade|97848|SoccerClub
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Vlade Divac|98501|BasketballPlayer
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|tennis|99732|Sport
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Viktor Troicki|99666|TennisPlayer
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|tennis|99732|Sport
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|Serbia men's national water polo team|100201|Athlete
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|European Champion|100431|PoloLeague
http://www.directoryofus.com/directoryofserbia/main.htm|VK Partizan|100697|SportsTeam
