http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Visigothic Kingdom|25718|Country
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Battle of VouillÃ©|31174|MilitaryConflict
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Battle of Heliopolis|39303|MilitaryConflict
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Johannes Scotus Erigena|50890|Philosopher
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Edmund|53236|Noble
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Old Church Slavonic|54400|Language
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Oleg of Novgorod|54955|Noble
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Crete|56515|Settlement
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Holy Roman Empire|56758|Country
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Sviatoslav of Kiev|57318|Noble
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Basil II|58965|Noble
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Knights Hospitaller|64416|MilitaryUnit
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Second Crusade|65219|MilitaryConflict
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Roger II of Sicily|65539|Noble
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Gebre Mesqel Lalibela|67493|Noble
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Principality of Achaea|70462|Country
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Prince Edward|71174|Noble
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Knights of St. John|72690|MilitaryUnit
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Siege of Vienna|85907|MilitaryConflict
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Papal States|93945|Country
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Ruthenians|97788|EthnicGroup
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Soviet Union|101211|Country
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Carl Jung|106190|Scientist
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Cold War|116829|MilitaryConflict
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|capture Jerusalem|99308|MilitaryConflict
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|siege|38549|MilitaryConflict
http://christconquers.wordpress.com/israel-as-the-people-of-god/the-orthodox-christian-church-is/|Old City of Jerusalem|79971|WorldHeritageSite
